Unity Chorale is a professional vocal ensemble based in South-Western Nigeria, in the Western sub-region of the lustrous black continent of Africa. The Chorale founded in 2009, features classical, art, traditional and contemporary Afri-cultural, Afro-American and Trans-African musical pieces sizzled with unrivalled vocal excellence and dynamism that has never failed to “wow!” our audiences the world over.

Although Chorale membership spans various other professional career endeavors, that which stands uniquely paramount remains a propelling quest for vocal and musical excellence that is second to none. With numerous achievements and laurels in the wake of our almost “half-decade” sojourn, we remain ever humbled by the knowledge of a Creator who gave all that fallen humanity might live. We are grateful for the sacrifice He made for our sins; and mindful for the life He has offered us to be fashioned after His similitude – the praises of whom remains the theme of our noble song.

Chorale membership currently stands at 50. However, applications for membership are welcome at any time of the year. Prospective members would however be required to successfully complete a multi-phased audition process in a location and venue of the Chorale’s choosing.

Various charity and hospitality interests delight the Chorale because we believe greatly in networking to meet the needs of our ailing society. We thus invite you to be part of our network of friends, associates and contemporaries, of which reading this message expresses an appreciated first step.

Welcome to our web space and feel free to contact us for bookings, partnerships and donations. We look forward to performing or ministering at any of your upcoming worship or social events. 


Background and History

Founded in 2009, the Unity Chorale Nigeria (UCN) is a community-based auditioned choir that provides serious singers with opportunities to seek excellence in a variety of choral literature and styles. Under the direction of Eld. Joshua Umahi—UCN’s artistic director and conductor—the ensemble continues to find unique ways to share its music with the community, to encourage the musical development of local youths, and to foster cooperation with other fine arts organizations in Nigeria and beyond.

The ensemble serves residents of Greater Nigerians of various ages and musical tastes. The 30- to 40-member choir consists of auditioned adult singers of various ages, backgrounds and occupations. As part of its mission of promoting excellence in performance, UCN regularly performs for and with younger singers from Babcock University. The choir typically performs two to three concerts each year for the general public. During its history the choir has sought to collaborate with other choirs and to provide choral support at significant community events.



<iframe width="420" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/t_iPSXNtX6M" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>